# OnlinePrivacyPiloT User Documentation

On this page we will explain you how to use Online Privacy Pilot with basic scenarios. You will get 
a better overview of what you can do with the tool and its functionalities. It serves as examples to 
guide you through your journey with the tool, but sometimes the small (i) icons next to the elements 
could give you the answer of what you are looking for, you just have to put your mouse over it.

Accessing public information is something that should not be underestimated. You should never use 
this tool to obtain information of any kind from a third party. The example here uses the name of a 
well-known person and serves merely as an illustration.

Because we do not want to expose the public information of a casual person, we will use the name 
Emmanuel Macron because he is already famous. The first step is to put his name as an input in the 
"Target" field. We do not want to focus on the filters and their effect so far, we will simply 
specify the options we want to use.

You should enter your API key before moving forward, in this case all the requests you will do will 
be somehow associated with your Google account, think about it twice before using the tool.
This is the procedure to create your Google API key.

An API key, also known as an application programming interface key, is a unique identifier used to 
authenticate and authorize access to an API (application programming interface). Here, creating your 
own API key will allow you to obtain information and make queries to the Google Custom API in the 
same way that you would with a basic search engine.

The CSE id is the second identifier you need to generate, it creates a customizable search engine, 
like a private one, that is used to perform the queries.

The last options are explained, as the others, in the (i) icon. The Active Search checkbox 
correspond to your willingness of using active OSINT techniques. Finally, the Search Depth specify 
how deep you want the software to investigate. The screenshot below illustrates what we have 
exposed, the API key and CSE id have been blurred, you will have to put your own, this is what you 
will see when they are ready to use.

![example_search_form_macron](https://github.com/OnlinePrivacyPilot/OnlinePrivacyPilot_UserDoc/assets/59505383/71872f59-105b-43d0-9048-9141c8c2b15e)

The result we obtain with our example is as follow:

![example_result_macron](https://github.com/OnlinePrivacyPilot/OnlinePrivacyPilot_UserDoc/assets/59505383/bbbb5cdd-aa69-4c87-83cb-faaf382e300e)

You can see that the number of results is limited to thirty, but it is still a huge set. If we want 
for instance to filter it, we can add filters, either initially or by clicking on a node. If we 
relaunch a search with "Instagram" and "LinkedIn"  we will have:

![example_result_with_filters_macron](https://github.com/OnlinePrivacyPilot/OnlinePrivacyPilot_UserDoc/assets/59505383/01502cc5-d2fd-4679-a08b-c17f767ecdd9)

![example_delete_data_macron](https://github.com/OnlinePrivacyPilot/OnlinePrivacyPilot_UserDoc/assets/59505383/3a37ec8c-9579-4378-b157-a8e18d075be5)

If we click on the node linked to his Instagram account and since we are able to find the procedure 
of deletion for Instagram with JustDeleteMe, a button will appear that allows to remove the 
associated data. It will be redirected to the web page of registration for Instagram and afterward 
the deletion page. As mentioned before, it is also possible to indicate if the targeted footprint is 
relevant, i.e., can be somehow linked to our person. It will appear as a filter in the filters list, 
accessible and usable for potential further searches.
